feat: add troubleshooting for slow uploads (#227)
web3-storage/docs: docs/how-tos/troubleshooting.md

Rate limits are imposed when more than 30 requests from the same API token are received within a ten second window. To avoid being limited, try to throttle your requests to stay within this limit. Alternatively, you can respond to a 429 status by backing off for a few seconds and retrying the request.

## I am experiencing slowness in uploads to web3.storage

> Please make sure that you are using the latest version of web3.storage client: 3.5.6. There is an issue in the latest Node version ([nodejs/node#42117](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42117)) and we reverted using native version of Blob in latest release until that fix is shipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure that you are using the latest version of web3.storage client: v3.5.6 or greater. There is an issue in the latest Node version ([nodejs/node#42117](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42117)) and we reverted using native version of Blob in latest release until that fix is shipped.
```

Author: Apologies, I had missed this change request. Now done.
